---
ID: 2632
post_title: Rest 2
author: Praison
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://biblerevelation.org/2014/10/rest-2/
published: true
post_date: 2014-10-18 23:47:58
---
<strong>Ruth 3:1</strong>
<strong> King James Version (KJV)</strong>

3 Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her, My daughter, shall I not <span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong>seek rest</strong> </span>for thee, that it may be <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>well</strong></span> with thee?

<strong>1 Chronicles 22:9-10</strong>
<strong> New King James Version (NKJV)</strong>

9 Behold, a son shall be born to you, who shall be a <span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong>man of rest</strong></span>; and <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>I will give him rest from all his enemies all around</strong></span>. His name shall be Solomon, for <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>I will give peace and quietness to Israel in his days</strong></span>.

10 <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>He shall build a house for My name</strong></span>, and he shall be My son, and I will be his Father; and <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel forever</strong></span>.’
<h2>Samson</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Philistines are in the God's promise land ( People who create stress are inside church )</li>
	<li>Philistine : means wallowing in the dust ( work of the Philistine, self )</li>
	<li>Philistine, grand son of Egypt</li>
	<li>Self teaching takes you to the dust</li>
	<li>Anointed teaching takes you to the heights of heaven</li>
	<li>Jesus in the story of Samson : Messenger --&gt; His name is wonderful --&gt; Jesus appeared twice</li>
	<li>Samson, son of Manoah</li>
	<li>Samson for deliverance from Philistines</li>
	<li>Manoah --&gt; Rest</li>
	<li>Samson, Child of rest</li>
	<li>Samson, Champion to deliver Israel</li>
	<li>Samson, Drink no wine and don't touch death body.</li>
	<li>Samson, Nasaraite from the mothers womb</li>
	<li>Samson's mom, Ran to find her husband (Manoah ) up the hill : We running towards Jesus</li>
	<li>Samson, 7 flocks of hair</li>
	<li>7, separated unto rest</li>
	<li>Lost his hair (7) --&gt; Lost his rest -- &gt; loose his eyes --&gt; Loose his perspective</li>
	<li>Samson Lost rest --&gt; Lost everything</li>
	<li>Samson's hair begun to grow again.</li>
	<li>God is a God of second chance.</li>
</ul>
<strong>Judges 16:26</strong>
<strong>New King James Version (NKJV)</strong>

26 Then Samson said to the <span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong>lad</strong></span> who held him by the hand, “Let me feel the pillars which support the temple, so that I can lean on them.”
<ul>
	<li><span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong>lad</strong></span> : young man</li>
	<li>Young man bringing revival</li>
</ul>
<strong>Judges 16:29-30</strong>
<strong> New King James Version (NKJV)</strong>

29 And Samson took hold of the <strong><span style="color: #ff00ff;">two middle pillars</span> </strong>which supported the temple, and he braced himself against them, <strong><span style="color: #0000ff;">one on his right and the other on his left</span></strong>.
30 Then Samson said, “Let me die with the Philistines!” And he pushed with all his might, and the temple fell on the lords and all the people who were in it. So the dead that he killed at his death were <span style="color: #008000;"><strong>more than</strong></span> he had killed in his life.

Jesus on the cross --&gt; <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>two middle pillars</strong></span>, <strong><span style="color: #0000ff;">one on his right and the other on his left.</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>At the cross, Jesus christ saved <span style="color: #008000;"><strong>more than</strong> </span>he saved in the 3 and half years ministry</li>
	<li>At the cross, Jesus Christ healed <span style="color: #008000;"><strong>more than</strong> </span>He healed in his 3 and half years ministry</li>
	<li>At the cross, Jesus Christ daemon oppressed  <span style="color: #008000;"><strong>more than</strong> </span>He delivered in his 3 and half years ministry</li>
	<li>At the cross, Jesus Christ accomplished <span style="color: #008000;"><strong>much more</strong> </span>victory than all of us</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>First area of attack to bring unrest</strong></h2>
<ol>
	<li>
<h3>Mind</h3>
</li>
</ol>
<strong>Ezekiel 44:17-18</strong>
<strong> New King James Version (NKJV)</strong>

17 And it shall be, whenever they enter the gates of the inner court, that they shall put on <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>linen garments;</strong></span> no wool shall come upon them while they minister within the gates of the inner court or within the house.

18 They shall have <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>linen turbans on their heads</strong> </span>and linen trousers on their bodies; they shall not clothe themselves with anything that causes sweat.
<ul>
	<li>Linen garments makes it cool</li>
	<li>Wool causes sweat</li>
</ul>
<ol>
	<li><span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong>Linen turbans ( head ) ---&gt; First thing</strong></span></li>
</ol>
<ul>
	<li>Burning Hearts , Cool head</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Don't sweat for healing</li>
	<li>Don't sweat for blessings</li>
	<li>Don't sweat for prosperity</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Sweat came because of Adam's fault</li>
	<li>By sweat of your face you shall eat bread</li>
	<li>Work is a blessing, but sweat is a curse --&gt; Work without sweat. work without stress.</li>
	<li>Jesus shed blood  first in his head  ( Garden of Getsemene ), redeeming us from the curse</li>
</ul>
<h2>No thought saying</h2>
<ul>
	<li><a title="How do we take thought?" href="http://biblerevelation.org/2014/10/18/take-thought/"><span style="color: #0000ff;"><strong> Do not give life to your thought by "saying"</strong></span></a></li>
</ul>
<strong>Matthew 6:31</strong>
<strong> New King James Version (NKJV)</strong>

31 “Therefore do not worry, <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>saying</strong></span>, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’

<strong>Matthew 6:31</strong>
<strong> King James Version (KJV)</strong>

31 Therefore take no <span style="color: #ff00ff;"><strong>thought</strong></span>, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
<h2> How rest in mind?</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Jesus wore the crown of Thorns : parable of the sower</li>
	<li>Thorns represents : Worries, cares</li>
	<li>Thorns grow in Dry , dessert</li>
	<li>They become thorns become they don't have water</li>
	<li>Flowers grow on a cactus plant if we pour water</li>
	<li>Water : word of God</li>
	<li>Results in the flowers of grace</li>
</ul>
<h2> Wisdom from Ant</h2>
<ul>
	<li>By finding 1 ant, follow it to find where the food is.</li>
	<li>Reverse follow to find the place where it comes from.</li>
</ul>